Updated dropdown code samples (#1622)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/dropdown/partials/code/how-to-use.md

```handlebars
<Hds::Dropdown @listPosition="bottom-left" as |dd|>
  <dd.ToggleButton @text="Text Toggle" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item One" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Two" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Three" />
  <dd.Interactive @text="Item Four (closes on click)" {{on "click" dd.close}} />
  <dd.Separator />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Delete" @color="critical" @icon="trash" />
</Hds::Dropdown>
```

In contexts where the Dropdown needs to be _inline_, to inherit the alignment from a parent, you can use the `@isInline` argument (and set the `@listPosition` accordingly to your needs):

```handlebars
<div class="doc-dropdown-mock-text-align-right">
  <Hds::Dropdown @isInline={{true}} @listPosition="bottom-right" as |dd|>
    <dd.ToggleButton @text="Text Toggle" @color="secondary" />
    <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item One" />
    <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Two" />
    <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Three" />
  </Hds::Dropdown>
</div>
```

### List size

> If you need to more explicitly control the height or width of a list, any acceptable value (px, rem, em) can be declared:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can explicitly control the height or width of a list. Any acceptable value (px, rem, em) can be declared:
```

```handlebars
<Hds::Dropdown @isInline={{true}} @height="250px" @width="250px" as |dd|>
  <dd.ToggleButton @text="Text Toggle" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item One" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Two" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Three" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Four" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Five" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Six" />
  <dd.Interactive @route="components" @text="Item Seven" />
</Hds::Dropdown>
```

### List footer

> It is possible that you may want to add a list footer for things like a set of buttons for a filter control:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add a list footer for things like a set of buttons for a filter control:
```

```handlebars

> <Hds::Dropdown @height="200px" as |dd|>

Reviewer: Increasing the height as it's a little cramped and making sure there's a slight reveal of results below to reinforce that the list is scrollable. 

```suggestion
<Hds::Dropdown @height="284px" as |dd|>
```

  <dd.ToggleButton @icon="tag" @text="Tags" @color="secondary" />
  <dd.Checkbox>access</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>homework</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>discovery</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>memories</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>music</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>pharell</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>punk</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>random</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>robots</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Checkbox>tag</dd.Checkbox>
  <dd.Footer @hasDivider={{true}}>
    <Hds::ButtonSet>
      <Hds::Button @text="Apply filters" @isFullWidth={{true}} @size="small" />

>       <Hds::Button @text="Cancel" @color="secondary" @isFullWidth={{true}} @size="small" />

Reviewer: Since a full label of "Apply filters" is visible, we should remove the `@isFullWidth` prop from the shorter button, which allows for more breathing room in the longer button. 

```suggestion
      <Hds::Button @text="Cancel" @color="secondary" @size="small" />
```

    </Hds::ButtonSet>
  </dd.Footer>
</Hds::Dropdown>
```

### ListItem::Interactive

> `ListItem::Interactive` renders the correct element based on the passing of an `@route`, `@href`, or the addition of a click event (e.g.,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ListItem::Interactive` renders the correct element based on the passing of a `@route`, `@href`, or the addition of a click event (e.g.,
```
